November 18th - Sprint 3 Standup 1 - Documented by Brian Nguyen

All team members were present for the virtual meeting, since the last standup was held, we have just completed sprint 2 and now are discussing what are the priorities of the last few features we have left to do for sprint 3. We decided to first focus on fixing a couple of outstanding issues with booking and logging in that needed to be made, we assigned Vish and Mark to focus on the booking history and active bookings features, assigned events feature to both Orinn and Prabhjot and assigned Brain (me) to Age filtering and Contacting features, we think this could take some time to implement as we have to rework a lot of our already established code to fit all the new features especially booking history and events feature, the timeline of when these could be expected to be done are around November 20-29th. That is all that has been done up to this point in time of the standup as it is the beginning of sprint 3, we are adjusting our plan based on how busy and available everyone is towards the end of the semester so the timeline for some things may be longer than previous sprints.


November 20th - Sprint 3 Standup 2 - Documented by Mark Ngo

All team members were present for the virtual meeting, so far since the last standup nothing has been committed so far and we had this standup just to make sure everyone is on track to have their assigned user stories/functionalities working, from the standup we know that the next commit will be from Vish and myself are very close to getting some implementation in by the end of the week by the 24th of November,  he is just having trouble with some booking logic that had previously worked and needed to be changed. Everyone else is aiming to have their next commits be done by next week, Orinn and Prabhjot are having some blockers with how we want the event creation to work and how it should appear and so far the code they have seems to be producing errors so it can't be pushed into the main. Brian is having some trouble with fetching the arenas and needs help from Vish to fix the issue. At the end of the standup 2 we are still far from having the features implemented but are confident to get them in by November 29th.















November 22th - Sprint 3 Standup 3 - Documented by Orrin Cruz

All team members were present for the virtual meeting. Since the last standup, no new commits have been made, and everyone is still actively working on their assigned features from Standup 1 and 2. The main blocker continues to be time constraints, as several team members have expressed challenges finding dedicated time over the weekend to focus solely on the project due to other more urgent commitments. Updates from everyone, Vish and Mark are still making progress on booking history and active bookings features. Vish is still troubleshooting issues with booking logic that require further investigation. Mark is helping working with Vish to make progress in the booking history feature. Orinn and Prabhjot and the event creation feature are still encountering blockers, particularly in resolving persistent errors in the current implementation. They are planning  to revisit how they want to approach this during the weekend and following week to find a way that works for the feature. Brian has continued to work on age filtering and contacting features but is still stuck on issues fetching arena data. Vish has agreed to provide assistance during the week when time allows but he has moved on looking into the contacting so he's not just stuck on working filtering he is currently looking into how implementing this feature would work. We are still aiming for the November 29th completion timeline, though the pace has been slower than expected. Team members are committed to pushing through the current blockers and ensuring steady progress in the coming week.

November 25th - Sprint 3 Standup 4 - Documented by Vishrut Kevadiya

All team members were present for the virtual meeting. Since the last standup, there has been some progress on the project. Vish (myself) successfully committed the view for booking history. I am now focusing on implementing the current bookings functionality with Mark's assistance. This feature is on track to be completed by November 29th or earlier. Assisting Vish with current bookings. No independent commits yet but is actively contributing to resolving issues. Orinn and Prabhjot shifted focus to experimenting with backend testing for the events feature. Orinn is expected to make a commitment addressing these backend challenges by November 28th or earlier. Brian is still working on the contact implementation and researching potential approaches. During the meeting, I helped Brian troubleshoot bugs related to filtering, which should unblock his progress and enable further development on this feature. The team is making progress despite earlier blockers. We are confident that key features will be ready by the November 29th deadline, with efforts focused on maintaining momentum and resolving remaining challenges.





November 28th - Sprint 3 Standup 5 - Documented by Prabhjot Dhaliwal

All team members were present for the virtual meeting. Since the last standup,  all tasks related to backend testing have been successfully completed and committed to the main branch by Orinn, Vish and Mark attempted to commit a design for the page, but it didnâ€™t work out as planned. However, Mark assisted Vish in completing the current bookings feature outside of team calls and meetings, which has now almost completed. Brian is close to completing the filtering functionality and is on track to have it ready by December 1st. Similarly, both Prabhjot (myself) and Orinn are confident about completing the full events feature by December 1st. The team is making steady progress as we approach the end of the sprint.

November 30th- Sprint 3 Standup 6 - Documented by Brian Nguyen

All team members were present for the virtual meeting. Since the last standup, significant progress has been made, and the team is on track to wrap up Sprint 3 successfully. Vish and Mark have completed their assigned features and are now focusing on resolving bugs and finalizing documentation. On November 29th, multiple commits and pull requests were made, including the addition of a "get method" for fetching events, bug fixes related to past booking arena names, and the successful merging of the events feature backend into the main branch. myself, along with Orinn and Prabhjot, is working diligently to ensure all remaining features, including filtering and the full implementation of events functionality, are completed before the end of the day on December 1st but majority of it is done just having some error checking before pushing to main.
